greetings Internet hello and welcome to
the weekly meaning of the ipfs
documentation and developer UX working
group you can learn more about this
group what they do what we do
information on our weekly meetings and
the notes to follow along with this
meeting in our github repo read me at
github.com slash ipfs slash docs we use
this weekly meeting as a means of
checking in with our okay ours so as
such I will link in the chat to the okay
our document or our agenda document
rather just in case you don't have a
pulled up but let's go ahead and go
through these in order so basically our
priority right now is the docs being
launched that's epic 1a it's tracked in
the milestone listed in the notes this
is great because we're about halfway
through that said we're about halfway
through so some of the issues are
separated out into their own epics for
okay are tracking and are listed on
their own but the rest of them are as
such Johnny do you want to talk about
the issue for making sure search works
yeah sure so after the call last week we
went over went back to some of the
people that we got to actually do a bit
beta testing on the surge and then a
couple of other people that haven't
actually used search before and just ask
them to sit around for about five or ten
different items and like key things
we'll be looking for like see IDs and
like dogs and things like that and
they're pretty much the consistent
comments from that was the search has
been been definitely improved a couple
of things came up in regards to the
design something to do with the search
bar needing to be slightly higher on
iPhones or something like that but I
believe that's been addressed yeah Chris
did you did you and Eric address that
looked like you didn't and I looked on
my iphone yep I'll mention that later
that yes it's me all right sorry carry
on
nope does about it yeah it now works
better
oh good call I will share the document
that we're going through
now I can't see any of you but can you
see the document now Chris awesome yes
yes
okay frontmatter tag search is also
about to land as an improvement view
cross cor what is that I just added that
in so failing that we're not gonna have
full-text search that's launched we're
gonna have header search this is another
PR that's been open since April but
looks like it's finally getting wrapped
up now so it should be merged in time
soon but that means when we add any
additional tags inside of the headers
which we're intending to do anyway
they will also appear as part of the
search results so we'll get adjusted
like suggestions so I'm you know added
you know we'll get all the nice
navigation with the tags but then this
will also work for the search which I
think really nice value add sweet that
is excellent especially considering yeah
like you said we had a whole bunch of
stuff which I'll get to in a second call
out links between legacy and beta pages
um like if we needed to we could merge
this now and it's sort of like slightly
janky way but Chris is going to take the
next step in taking care of the part
that's on the Vita site I've stubbed it
all out in there and the so the
call-outs between the legacy on the
legacy site that says go to the beta
version of this site that's done and
that's ready to be merged as soon as
we're ready to launch the ones that go
the other way around we're in the legacy
and it says go to this page on beta
that's um like it could be merged but
but Chris you're gonna incorporate this
into the rest of the sort of is this
helpful button stuff and the rest of the
footer content right yep and today I've
been working on basically the way we can
override the base theme um and I have a
solution for that so it will be didn't
then sort charlie sweet I look forward
to figuring out how that works cuz I'm
like super curious cool okay content
Stubbs again this is something that's
nearly done like here's a page think
this is a page yeah this is not one of
the pages but that's actually the link
to the issue but they are done let's see
her come on and of course now my chrome
beachballs
come on come on
so they are nearly done I will show you
in a second Doc's be paid uh let's just
find something yeah that's true and this
is in it sort of minimized glory with a
little pencil guy because I am Edda wits
narrow enough to be able to see all
y'all in my screen but these are all
done check the status of the page goes
to the actual issue for the page for
creating the page rather than like the
github page the markdown page that
generates this document itself which is
useful and then also we have all of the
other relevant resources to try in there
so this is ready to go except that like
this doesn't do anything yet and Chris
that is on your plate for the week am i
right yes so to go with the overrides
that we're doing for the additional
call-out links as well as the content
stubs and the meta metrics and things we
it's all part of this sort seeming and
general structure of that web page so
there's kind of three or four open
issues that are all dependent on that
that migration into the new theme
structure but that's that is basically
what I'm working on this week now so
that's the priority awesome um yeah
sorry here a screenshot you were just
showing I think Explorer might work
better than try there because some
resources will be things you do and some
will just be things you read yeah fair
enough
um um Chris since you're in the code do
you mind tweaking that sure thing yeah
um yeah discuss foreign language with a
bit more detail later on especially
international I suspect yeah yeah but as
a quick change I think that sounds like
a good thing to do
Eric are you okay with that yeah I think
so okay um again another thing I hate to
say this this is the things are nearly
done but waiting for less less help from
Chris week so sorry about this Chris SEO
made it meta tags um that is all
integrated
so every page has got meta tags that
will result in a beautiful social card
thank you Eric for cleaning up my sort
of initial passes an image for social
card so that all works Chris had some
ideas for streamlining that didn't
involve duplication of content that were
a little out of my area of knowledge but
that the content is at least all there
so again it's another thing like if we
had to merge it right now we could so
that is awesome
bare-bones CSS edits these look great
Eric and Chris do you want to talk to
her like some of the stuffs that you did
Eric probably bit close to the bone on
that one but there was a handful of
things that we think we got see if you
can open that issue there will be a
checklist I think in there that we went
through but we faced the oh there's a PR
oh here we go it's in the peer yeah so
yes Eric started it's kicked the stuff
beginning last week and essentially we
just went over in detail on Friday and
just finalized it and I just did all the
migration merged it rebased it made sure
all works so we've got a new layout and
on mobile view which is the centralized
logo and I think we're still update the
logo price launch but we just
configuring a few options first so but
that's the checklist if you move scroll
a little bit the rest of it yep yeah so
it's really its minor amendments really
to what the current theme is it's not so
we're we're not trying to override it
too much it's just tweaking so that
things feel a little bit more I don't
know more consistent and fit in with our
brand colors and things so and we've
changed the search functionality
slightly to basically highlight that as
a major piece for the mobile view so
when you do click on search now it's
basically takes up the entire header
section so it prioritizes search as a
over as the other inputs and we're going
to continue playing with that and yeah
great you can read what's on screen
awesome the launch comes plan that's
that's all done content is drafted it's
ready for launch and
we know the date Johnny you just added a
really nice visual mind map of the
navigational structure which we'll put
in the blog post as well so thank you
very much for doing that
and then yeah ipfs hosting do we want to
do we want to punt on that and bring
that up as our last issue yeah I don't
think it's much to really clear missed
call but and I will point people to that
thread I think that's the best thing we
can do there's a lot of discussion going
on there and we'll basically to it once
we've gone we're basically having a
bigger design call across the company
tomorrow and to ensure that we're
aligning our strategies to for hosting
these type of products on an IP of us
just as a note I unfortunately have a
dentist appointment during that time
slot that cannot be moved is is that
okay or do you suggest I bail on the
dentist no I think I'm very happy to
summarize me I think I'm leading the
charge on basically options there and
it's gonna be quite low level the stage
so yeah yeah I figure I wanted much to
add but I didn't know if having me there
would be helpful it affects us a lot but
I don't think we're quite the reason for
the call if you know what I mean I think
the thing they want to talk about is
yeah bigger you know but I'm interested
in also and Leslie listen and learn
awesome thank you very much it's also go
make sure you got good teeth yeah yeah
it's really hard to get appointments
with the service you'll need to show
them off on future college so really
yeah so anyway
legacy Doc's deprecation planned this is
moving on a little bit from the bean
lunch but it is one of our ok hours my
plan is to get that down on paper this
week and then hand over to Johnny for
some clarification and maybe thoughts
that he might have
obviously I'll share a link because I
would love it if anybody else also took
a look for feedback cool ok metrics
definition and collection for the betta
site so requirements definition is
complete
put that together last week I managed to
put together a very rough draft of a
data studio report which is actually
maybe not gonna take 20 minutes to load
so for the most part I was able to at
least directly implement or kind of kind
of hedge at the metrics that Johnny you
put in your document basic demographic
stuff language country the device type
that they're using language in country
don't always Alliance they're separated
there's two different things
our greatest inbound traffic sources by
page view specific refers by pageviews
number of pageviews clearly since we're
still in beta you can see that most of
our refers are off of github PRS on site
traffic most viewed pages my number of
pageviews I've also added average page
load time I may be may not have
configured this correctly because at the
moment they're all saying null so this
is on my list of things Chris that I
might ask you to look over and and
that's on the github issue but most
viewed pages sortable by pageviews and
average page load time the longest dwell
time on an individual page again by
average page load time and then there's
yes I was going to say quickly in theory
about for the page load we it'll should
be one global figure because it
essentially preloads the entire and then
does it does it does get things and
supplemental extra additional fit
fetches but it's more yes more the
initial page that we need to be
concerned about okay good point good
point and we can separate that out in
Ana into another thing but again you
know if they're all exactly the same we
can also sort of keep an eye on it it is
sortable as well by date range the
default that you're seeing here's the
last 28 days which was also kind of all
you can see because we haven't been
active for 28 days yet
sessions in frequency this is sort of
like cheating that Johnny some of the
stuff that you were trying to get at
just based on the available metrics
without having to set up something
custom so it's a table that sorts by
page the number of sessions per user the
average number of days when we have the
since that uses last session the number
of new sessions percentage of new
sessions is totally all the page loads
and the new users just sort of hedging
around some of the stuff that you were
getting at but I think may at least be
good start to get us to memorable data
again it's all open to tweaking y'all
have added access on this as well sorry
Johnny we're gonna say something just
quickly I just I thought this is
incredible because like you're above
spin there something like a day and it
was just like ideal this is like really
what we're talking about okay good well
so here are the things that don't have
the stuff in it that I'm gonna ask the
Chris's help these are the search bar
terms because we've got to set up a
custom event on that and then internal
links I believe these need to be set up
in Google tag manager this is just like
a random thing I saw online that might
be helpful Chris not real sure we would
be using this to track common page
interactions like pathways through the
site you should get that by default
anything you want get a 6 tunnel exit
URLs well I I so - and I couldn't find
it so yeah you'll get the pages that
people have left from but you won't get
you won't understand what the actual
resource was if they clicked on a link
or they just closed it up or something
so we can we can we can wrap those up if
need be ok
yeah I think it may just be a matter of
you looking over what I set up and sort
of thinking if there may be better ways
to do this obviously there's some things
that I can't set up like the search bar
terms and then the content page helpful
buttons and I just paste it in just as
an idea like these are screenshots from
the old hot-or-not on the legacy site
just for the means of displaying it and
then ditto this is this a priority
button on the sub page that you're
wiring up I wasn't able to do that yet
and then outbound links most common exit
links exit pages percentage of exits
number of exits number of page views
into some other bits and pieces that
might be helpful in trying to help us
sort out you know if we notice that some
of these exit pages are way higher than
the other ones and then did oh this the
most common up
link's so yeah I think I think we're
close
chris is there anything else I can help
with on this at this point or do you
want to let me know when you get some
more time yeah the only thing I think we
need to discuss whether we get a segment
you know the profiles themselves and say
have one for staging and one for
production if we if we pollute it too
much with our NPR's and things then
obviously we're gonna skew the results
so yeah for now obviously it scientists
or all the testing and I think we should
maybe put a note in you know agenda for
like the deploy and defecation so I
think maybe we can run with it up until
b2 there for a few weeks and then in the
future we'll keep two segments see
profiles yeah perfect yeah that's that's
a good point yeah because we just like
we don't even know how that's even gonna
be set up yet hmm
cool okay and then the is this helpful
feedback mechanism this is basically the
same thing as the hot-or-not button and
you Chris you'll implement that at the
same time right yep so I've got the
foundation in place for basically
writing in page template that allows me
to put a section at the bottom of each
article and so that gives me access to
the the front matter which I need which
is important and then I need to just
redesign a component that will be
embedded into that and that component
will also get used for the other like is
this important on that metrics so we can
basically customize the events that we
need to track and so yeah that's there
are sounds ticking along I'll have an
update very soon on that but followed
appears thank you so much
usability testing the test summary from
our in-person testing is complete thank
you so much Eric for doing that that was
super helpful I went through and I made
all of the easy and like super critical
fixes into the beta and then the rest of
those are captured in issues which I
believe this is a link to them all these
are all the issues that were created as
a result and we can prioritize those for
queuing testing and I think there's
already been a fair amount of commentary
on some of these Terry thank you for
weighing in on some of these as well
with your thoughts they've been really
helpful
features voting the link to the candy
site is in the beta site header and it's
ready to ship we'll follow up on voting
results in q1 so we can call that done
content improvement where we've made
excellent progress I think it's like 27
issues that we've closed this quarter
just in the content improvement column
so I don't feel too bad about pausing on
this while we work on the the Vita lunch
and then proto school we're doing so if
you want to start yeah sure so I've been
continuing to go for possible
alternatives for the platform we've been
using we're trying to close this as soon
as possible so as not to dwell on it too
much and waste time if we end up not
going win with anything different than
what we have currently I'm looking at
the repository for free code camp and
see if there's anything useful from
there probably we'll finish this up this
week by the by the middle of the week we
should have this done so there's that
that's it from my side
thanks yeah this is a look into
something inside whether we should do a
thing or not not a do a thing we've done
it so we had a great contribution from a
new contributor someone who came to I
think it's actually within the past week
who discovered that we had a lesson in
EM FS that wasn't rendering and the
reason we didn't catch it is as as a
user you would click on when you were in
lesson 10 you would click on the next
button and it would take you to
resources because the logic there just
skipped right over it so if you knew to
go and type in slash 11 then you would
see that the page wasn't loading because
there was a problem in the routing issue
so um he fixed that very it was a really
quick fix just in one file but I
happened to learn about and testing and
Cypress in my view class this week so I
thought I would go and test for it so
now I put in a PR with
tests that we'll check that every lesson
that should exist and every panda
resources pages will show up for each of
those sites so now I don't know what is
next
awesome sorry no problem I got it good
so that's cool and we have other ideas
for more things we want to test for as
well but we'll try to get this one
through and then circle back to some of
that later no sense hiding our content
after we create it you know and then the
other one this isn't something that
we've made much progress in in the past
week but just as a heads up for one of
our top priorities before the end of the
quarter is circling back to this review
of ipfs camp content so of our of our
PRS for our okrs for proto school that
gets circuit stuff into the docs team
that's one of the most important ones is
just getting through the camp content
which we're mostly really looking at the
core courses both the core an elective
ones although the core will be much more
useful and figuring out what we can do
with them in proto school whether it's
new lessons or tweaks to existing ones
or images I think if we we've had a
little bit of mention I heard from one
or two of you that talking a little bit
about what we could add in terms of more
visuals and things for like explanatory
diagrams etc to the doc site next year
and I think there would be a lot of
overlap where we could add stuff to do
proto school as well and I think that
there'd be a lot from my PFS camp they
would give us good ideas there were
people who made some nice diagrams for
that perhaps Eric was secretly involved
I don't know but um so they'll probably
be some of that among the ideas that we
have there so it's just this kind of
review and planning that we are hopeful
to get done before the holidays and then
I think on the proto school side the
content development needs to be a big a
big piece of key one okrs and hopefully
turning some of the easiest targets of
the into who cares for that awesome yeah
and we as we go into our okay are
planning in the next week or two for q1
that's one thing that is probably gonna
be central to the discussion is the
degree to which we focus on on content
rather than features in q1 if for
nothing else to give poor Chris a little
bit of a break we have you know a little
bit of tech debt to resolve and a little
bit of iteration we also want to give
folks time to like and vote on those
future requests before we start building
all the things so to watch that space we
will be discussing ok ours real soon now
and hopefully has some interesting and
tasty stuff to offer the community and
q1 is there anything else I've left out
ok I'm gonna stop the recording those of
you out there in internet land thank you
for joining us and we shall see you same
time next week thank you